# Calculator

This project is a calculator featuring the following operations:
  1. addition
  2. subtraction
  3. multiplication
  4. division
  5. exponentiation
  
The maximum number length is 10 digits and it is possible to enter floating point numbers.
  
The calculator also features two clear buttons: one to clear current display content and one to clear all data.
  
Keyboard input is supported.
  
## How to use?

### Digits
  
To input the digits it is possible to use either the buttons provided on the screen or the user's keyboard.
  
Decimal point may be generated by pressing either '.' (dot) or ',' (comma) buttons to allow the use of numpad
and streamline the calculation process for users more familiar with comma as decimal point.
  
### Operands
  
Mathematical operands also may be input either by the buttons provided or on the user's keyboard.
  
The following keyboard characters may be used:
  1. '+' for addition
  2. '-' for subtraction
  3. '*' for multiplication
  4. '/' for division
  5. '^' for exponentiation
    
While an operand is selected and the first number is still displayed, the corresponding button's background color 
changes to red. This is a reminder that the next digit entered will be part of the second number for the active operand.
  
### Getting the result
  
There are currently three ways to get the result:
  1. Click the right button on the screen
  2. Press either '=' or Enter keys on the user's keyboard
  3. Select another operand
    
If the third method is used, the result will also become the first number for the next operation.
  
### Clearing the screen
  
It is possible to clear a single character on the display with the provided backspace key or the backspace key on the user's keyboard.
  
All current display content may be cleared with the 'C' button or by pressing 'C' on the user's keyboard. This preserves the current 
operand and other values clearing only the display.

All values and content may be cleared using the 'AC' button or by pressing 'A' on the user's keyboard. This has the same effect as
refreshing the page and all display content together with any values saved in the memory is cleared.

## Suggestions and bugs

If you notice that something doesn't work as it should or would like to suggest a new feature please open a new issue for this repository
describing the bug or feature suggestion.
